I remember being on a bus and there was a lot of noise and it was very scary and
then you know talking to my family transpires that that was the bus that
was taking us to the airport we were not allowed to take anything with us and the
noise was I think based around the fact that my mum had smuggled a photograph of
her wedding photograph and the army officer said she couldn't take it and
there was a bit of a kerfuffle and they smashed it. It was such a scary time and
my dad used to tell us this story about how he went to get our passports done
because we didn't have passports and he said that if you looked at an officer in
the eye they would very likely hurt you if not shoot you. My sister I remember
her telling me this this awful thing that where she used to walk to school
and there was a river that she used to pass walking to school and she'd see dead
bodies floating on the river. It was just a horrendous time for everybody what
they went through the fear not just in losing everything that they had but also
potentially losing their lives losing their loved ones because it was such an
erratic time you know the military officers were just completely
inconsistent spontaneous with you know with how they treated people with their
attacks and so yes